README.md, before:

# ofxGpuLutCube

openFrameworks addon to apply LUT (Color Lookup Table) filter shader from standard '.cube' files. (sizes 16, 32, 64)

Inspired from https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino/ofxGpuLut that does the same but with special '.png' files.

Cool Windows only app to batch convert and create LUT files:
https://grossgrade.com/


## Screenshots

![Alt text](/screenshot1.JPG?raw=true "screenshot1")
![Alt text](/screenshot2.JPG?raw=true "screenshot2")
![Alt text](/screenshot3.JPG?raw=true "screenshot3")
![Alt text](/screenshot4.JPG?raw=true "screenshot4")


## Usage

```c++
ofApp.h:

#include "ofxGpuLutCube.h"
ofxGpuLutCube LUT;

//--

ofApp.cpp:

//setup()
LUT.setup();

//update()
LUT.begin();
//draw scene
LUT.end();

//draw()
LUT.draw();
```


## Features

- easy integration into your ofApp
- LUT files folder browsing
- parameter to set filter mix/dry
- included example


## Tested system

- OF 0.11
- Visual Studio 2017


## About

Addon modifications by moebiussurfing
https://github.com/moebiussurfing

Based on and using the code of HUBRIS:
https://github.com/youandhubris/GPU-LUT-OpenFrameworks
https://forum.openframeworks.cc/t/gpu-lut-photoshop/18070

BY HUBRIS [http://cargocollective.com/hubris]
[http://github.com/youandhubris]

THANKS to @johanjohan
https://github.com/johanjohan 
to point me to this source here https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino/ofxGpuLut/issues/3
pow2 snippet from @johanjohan

THANKS to
https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino 
for the original https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino/ofxGpuLut


## TODO:

- set draw position and size
- better solution to v flip thing..
- no use internal fbo or getter setter by reference..

Commit message:

updated readme. data files structure moved

README.md, after:

# ofxGpuLutCube

openFrameworks addon to apply LUT (Color Lookup Table) filter shader from standard '.cube' files. (sizes 16, 32, 64)

Inspired from https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino/ofxGpuLut that does the same but with 'special .png' files.

Cool Windows-only free app to batch convert and create LUT files:
https://grossgrade.com/


## Screenshots

![Alt text](/screenshot0.JPG?raw=true "screenshot0")
![Alt text](/screenshot1.JPG?raw=true "screenshot1")
![Alt text](/screenshot2.JPG?raw=true "screenshot2")
![Alt text](/screenshot3.JPG?raw=true "screenshot3")
![Alt text](/screenshot4.JPG?raw=true "screenshot4")


## Usage

```c++
ofApp.h:

#include "ofxGpuLutCube.h"

ofxGpuLutCube LUT;

//--

ofApp.cpp:

//setup()
LUT.setup();

//update() or draw()
LUT.begin();
	//draw your scene
LUT.end();

//draw()
LUT.draw();
```


## Features

- easy integration into your ofApp with an ofParameterGroup
- LUT files folder browsing using GUI or keys
- float parameter to set filter mix/dry
- int parameter to select LUT index 
- string parameter to show LUT name
- included example with /data/ files (shader + LUT.cube files)


## Tested system

- OF 0.11
- Visual Studio 2017


## About

Addon modifications by MoebiusSurfing
https://github.com/moebiussurfing

Based on and using the code of HUBRIS:
https://github.com/youandhubris/GPU-LUT-OpenFrameworks
https://forum.openframeworks.cc/t/gpu-lut-photoshop/18070

BY HUBRIS [http://cargocollective.com/hubris]
[http://github.com/youandhubris]

THANKS to @johanjohan:
https://github.com/johanjohan 
to point me to this source here: https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino/ofxGpuLut/issues/3
pow2 snippet from @johanjohan.

THANKS to
https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino 
for the original https://github.com/yasuhirohoshino/ofxGpuLut


## TODO:

- set draw position and size (x, y, w, h)..
- a better solution to v flip that sometimes happens..
- no use internal FBO or add getter/setter to use by reference..
- better handling of arb tex modes..
- a faster loader of files, threaded or cache some files..
- settings to store/load LUT by name..
- .cube files browser system and thumbs maybe with ofxImGui..

* FEEL FREE TO ADD MODIFICATIONS OR FEATURES AND TO SEND ME PULL REQUESTS
